Update based on legal requirements. (#900)
huggingface/optimum-habana: examples/stable-diffusion/README.md

# Stable Diffusion Examples

> This directory contains a script that showcases how to perform text-to-image generation using Stable Diffusion on Intel® Gaudi® accelerator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This directory contains a script that showcases how to perform text-to-image generation using Stable Diffusion on Intel® Gaudi® AI Accelerators.
```
